[Music]
three years after the Battle of Geonosis
the galaxy is in a state of civil war
during a space battle over course on
Jedi Knights obi-wan Kenobi and Anakin
Skywalker lead a mission to rescue the
kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine
from the cyborgs separatist commander
General Grievous after infiltrating
Grievous's flagship the Jedi battle
Count Dooku who Anakin eventually
executes at Palpatine's urging Grievous
escapes the battle-torn Cruiser in which
the Jedi crash land on Coruscant there
Anakin reunites with his wife Padme
Amidala who reveals that she is pregnant
while initially excited
Anakin begins to have visions of Padme
dying in childbirth and his worry
steadily grows Palpatine appoints Anakin
to the Jedi Council as his
representative
but the council declines to grant Anakin
the rank of Jedi Master and orders him
to spy on Palpatine causing Anakin's
faith in the Jedi to diminish
significantly Palpatine attempts Anakin
with secret knowledge of the dark side
of the force including the power to save
his loved ones from dying meanwhile
obi-wan travels - ooh - POW where he
finds and kills Grievous and Yoda
travels to Kashyyyk to defend the planet
from invasion Palpatine eventually
reveals that he is the Sith Lord Darth
Sidious saying that only he has the
knowledge to save Padme from dying
Anakin reports Palpatine's treachery to
mace Windu who confronts and subdues
Palpatine severely disfiguring him in
the process fearing that he will lose
Padme Anakin intervenes on Palpatine's
behalf and severs Windu's hand allowing
Palpatine to throw him out of a window
to his death Anakin pledges himself to
Palpatine who dubs him Darth Vader
Palpatine issues order 66 for the clone
troopers to kill the remaining Jedi and
dispatches Vader along with a band of
clones to kill everyone in the Jedi
Temple Vader then massacres the
remaining separatist leaders hiding on
the volcanic planet Mustafar
while Palpatine addresses the Galactic
Senate transforming the Republic into
the Galactic Empire and declaring
himself Emperor having survived the
chaos obi-wan and Yoda returned to
Khorasan and learn of Anakin's betrayal
unable to convince pad me about Anakin's
turned to the dark side obi-wan Stowe's
aboard Padme ship when she travels to
Mustafar and employers Anakin to abandon
the dark side he refuses and upon
witnessing obi-wan present and kin
chokes Padme into unconsciousness in a
fit of rage
obi-wan duels and defeats Anakin
severing both of his legs and his
remaining organic arm and leaves him at
the bank of a lava river where he is
horribly burned
on Coruscant Yoda battles Palpatine
until their duel reaches a stalemate
Yoda then flees with Bail Organa while
Palpatine sensing that his apprentice is
in danger travels two moves too far on
an asteroid obi-wan regroups with Yoda
and Padme gives birth to a twin son and
daughter whom she names Luke and Leia
before dying shortly after on Mustafar
Palpatine finds a horribly burnt anakin
still alive after returning to Coruscant
Anakin's mutilated body is treated and
covered in a black armored suit
transforming him fully into Darth Vader
Palpatine explains to Vader that he
killed Padme in his rage devastating him
meanwhile obi-wan and Yoda conceal the
twins from the Sith as they have the
galaxy's only hope for freedom Yoda
exiles himself to the planet Dagobah
while Vader and the Emperor oversee the
construction of the Death Star Bail
Organa adopts Leia and takes her to
Alderaan while obi-wan delivers Luke to
his step family Owen and Beru Lars on
Tatooine where obi-wan intends to watch
over Luke until the time is right to
challenge the Empire
[Music]
[Applause]